Hey, hello, welcome everyone. Um, so welcome to the first episode of Coach by Triple Do. Uh, so it's a very exciting episode. I mean, exciting series we've all been looking forward to. And, you know, we have about 22 speakers lined up for the year. And, you'll get to hear from leaders, veterans in the marketing space over the next one year. The objective of this is to make sure that you have all the practical knowledge, uh, taken and you can have a plug-in play playbook at the end of the day when you leave this webinar.

So, for the first episode, we have Rory who's going to kickstart this session. And we're extremely fortunate to have Rory on inaugurating this coach for us. A brief introduction about Rory. Rory is currently the head of SEO and content HubSpot. Prior to this, he was working as an inbound marketing manager at remote.com, which was scaling at a very, very rapid pace. And he was taking care of all things related to inbound marketing. Before which he was working with a growth marketing agency called symmetrical. So this experience is immense, and at the end of the episode, you will have immense takeaways for your organization and for you personally. We're really looking forward to having you, and thanks for taking the time to attend this. And I, Mahesh, I'll be the host of this entire series. I work as a director of growth the Triple D overi, and it's all yours from now.

Again, team, as a ground rule, we won't be having any questions and answer happening during the session. So, the session will roughly go on for about 35 to 40 minutes. In the meanwhile, you can log in your questions in the Q&A section, and we'll collate it and post questions towards the end of the session. The recording session will also be shared after the session is over through email. And you can reach out to us in case of any queries in the future or if you want any particular materials from the session. How are you? Again, really great having you here and doing this for Triple Do. Thank you, Mahesh. Um, yeah, really pleased to be here to kick off the Coach by Triple Dart series. Um, so thank you, everyone, for joining. I'm going to share my screen now and bring up the presentation for today.

So, today we're going to be talking about. I think it's just loading. Let me know when you can see my screen. I don't think you can see my screen yet, if I'm not mistaken, Mahish. Could you confirm? Is it saying loading? Yeah, it's loading. Yes, it is. Okay, let me try this again. Um, slideshow, there we are. It always works the second time around. So yes, um, hi everyone today we'll be talking about integrating audience intelligence and social listening to your content marketing playbook in 2024. And specifically how you can go about building SEO personas by integrating those data sources that are going to help you to power your content marketing playbook. Um, future proofing it in the age of AI disruption. As Mahesh mentioned, I am VY head of content SEO at hopspot. Um, I've got just over a decade's worth of experience driving SEO and growth marketing for leading B2B SAS brands and startups. I'd love to connect so you can find me on LinkedIn and my website at www.royhope.com.

So, to set the scene here today, I wanted to share the results of a survey that I did of SEOs on X to better understand how they develop their SEO content strategies. Mainly to understand their pain points but also whether or not they were using social data during the process. Because when first coming up with this playbook, I had a hypothesis that SEOs weren't using social data and that it could help to alleviate a number of the pain points that they face when developing content marketing playbooks. And what were the results? Well, 40% of SEOs say they struggle to deliver consistent high-quality content on a regular basis. 88% SEOs said they would like to speed up link prospecting. 63% said that keyword data doesn't provide enough information on the interests and behaviors of their target audience. And that's stark considering that many SEOs rely primarily on keyword data. And only 16% of SEOs were incorporating social media data into their SEO strategies. So we can see a number of pain points here and at the end that not many SEOs are actually considering social data when developing their content marketing playbook. So what we're going to cover today really is how SEO personas can go about solving and alleviating a number of those pain points. So we'll run through what SEO personas are and why they're important. How you can develop SEO personas by integrating data sources and how you can use your SEO personas to then improve your SEO content strategy. Laddering up into your wider content marketing playbook.

So, what are SEO personas? They are target audience segments built by integrating multiple datasources and you can have multiple SEO personas per keyword topic that you're targeting for your business. Why are they important? Well, they inform the content topics, style, tone, and pain points that you want to consider in your content marketing strategy. They allow you to identify the influences, interests for influence marketing and SEO strategies. And as a result, you can then do link acquisition at scale for the keyword topics that you want to target through the likes of digital PR campaigns. So, you can see here how these SEO personas are the foundation for helping to alleviate a number of the pain points that SEOs are facing in terms of generating consistent high-quality content prospecting, link opportunities, and understanding the behaviors and interests of their target audiences that are searching around their keyword topics. We'll run through a use case today, so we'll talk about HubSpot and specifically the CRM keyword topic and how you can go about developing SEO personas that would work to optimize for the key the CRM keyword topic, if you were in HubSpot shoes. So, we'll start with how you go about developing those SEO personas. Now, on in the diagram here, we've got on the left-hand side, we've got the traditional keyword intelligence tools that many of you may be familiar with: Google ads, Google search console, ah, sem Rush, get start. These tools allow you to identify keywords, segment keywords, track competitors that also rank for those keywords, and really develop your keyword strategy. On the right-hand side, we have our audience intelligence and social listening tools: audience, Hoot Suite, Pulsa spark, Toro, and meltwater. And now, these tools allow you to gather data to better understand the behaviors and interests of those that are searching using the keyword topics that you identify through the first stage, the keyword intelligence phase. And primarily what we're doing here with the development of SE personas is we're integrating our keyword intelligence with our audience intelligence and social listening data, which sort of ladders up into audience intelligence, and that will allow us to again develop our SEO personas and use those as the foundations to our content marketing playbook with SEO at its center or SEO success at its center. So, to begin with, you really have to go through the keyword intelligence process. I like to classify the keyword intelligence process into three core stages: keyword research, search landscape analysis, and then developing your keyword targeting strategy. From the previous two stages, I presume this will be very familiar with many SEOs or content marketers at The Talk today. But it's at this stage then when you get to your search landscape analysis is that you're going to integrate and create audience intelligence reports based on your SEO competitors that you identify at that stage and then use that to understand your SEO personas that then gets moved across when you are starting to develop your keyword targeting strategy. You look at which influences the SEO personas behind your keyword topic are influenced by and you can use that to develop an audience first SEO strategy that will then fuel your playbook moving forwards. So, we'll go into keyword research at a top level first. With keyword research, you first want to consider keyword identification. So again, using the likes of Google ads, search console, AHF semrush, Excel, and G sheets allows you to identify hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands, potentially hundreds of thousands of keywords that are relevant to your products and services. Once you've done the keyword identification phase, it's important important to segment your keywords into topics and subtopics. So let's use the HubSpot CRM or HubSpot as an example here and look at a number of keyword topics that HubSpot may want to target, such as CRM marketing software and sales software. These would be our primary topics and we would look to tag our keywords to those primary topics during the segmentation phase. But we also want to consider our subtopics. They may be the likes of solutions, benefits, or enterprise and they generally indicate various varying user intents and they allow you to tag your keywords granularly during the keyword research phase because you're going to use that data to then identify your SEO competitors at a keyword topic level further down the line. So here are some examples. I'll run through CRM solutions. You can see it's relevant to the topic CRM but you would also want to tag it as solutions to to indicate that transactional intent and marketing software benefits for for marketing software with a subtopic of benefits which is an informational intent and then enterprise sales software which is relevant to the sales software topic but there's also a subtopic there of enterprise that has a mix of of informational and transactional intent.

Once you've got your keywords identified and segmented, you're going to want to move on to your search landscape analyses. Now, your search landscape analysis consists of identifying your SEO competitors that rank the best before the best for those topics and subtopics that you've identified at the previous stage. You can conduct a gap analysis to see where your website is performing versus those SEO competitors for those topics that you want to target. You can also conduct Sur intent analyses to just confirm your hypotheses around the intents of your subtopics. To do that, you go through the process of template analysis to reverse engineer the intents. As a result of this, you prioritize your keywords ahead of building out a keyword targeting strategy. But it's at this stage where you're going to want to integrate an audience intelligence report. So, basically bringing in audience intelligence data to your search landscape analysis to really understand and identify who your SEO personas are. So, the phases here include uploading your SEO competitors identified during the search landscape analysis into an audience intelligence tool. Using that to pull back data that uncovers your keyword level SEO personas. You can also identify where you have overlaps between keyword topics that have the same audience segments searching within them or SEO personas. So, if we look at that search landscape analysis process before we create our audience intelligence report, we have the keyword identification phase that we went through. We will then tag our keywords based on topics and subtopics as part of the segmentation process. That will give us our keyword rankings not just for our website but also for those other websites that rank for the topic or subtopic that you're analyzing. I suggest you export that data from the likes of AHF, SEMrush, or GetStat, transfer it into Excel and format it. Then you can pivot table on that data to identify the best performers for those various keyword topics that you want to target. And they are your SEO competitors. They're not always direct competitors, they may be publications or other types of websites that do compete with you in the search results. And at that point, you've got your SEO competitors and you can do your search landscape analysis as mentioned in the previous slide where you're looking at template analyses, refining intents, and prioritizing your keywords based upon the best opportunities. Once again, this is quite a familiar process, I expect to many SEOs here. But the next stage is when we're going to bring in our audience intelligence data to build our SEO personas. So, if we look at the CRM keyword topic here, now I have included fictional data here. In real life, it looks something like this. But if we were to analyze say 60 keywords that have been tagged as a CRM topic to understand which websites rank for the most number of keywords that have being tagged as CRM, but also their average rank, the results will show you the analysis will show you the top ranking or best performers for that topic. These are your SEO competitors. So, for CRM, we have HubSpot, Zoho, Salesforce, Pipe Drive, Active Campaign, and Maretto. So, I would classify these as my SEO competitors in this stage of building out my SEO personas. And what you're going to want to do crucially is map those SEO competitors that you see in the search results that you see through your keyword data across to their relevant X profiles, formerly known as Twitter. To then use those handles, those X handles when you go about creating an audience intelligence report or an audience report in an audience intelligence software or platform. So, I'm familiar with Audience as my preferred tool of choice, but there are many others as I mentioned earlier. SparkToro is another example here. And what you're going to want to do is you're going to want to go into creating an audience intelligence report. They're named differently in the different tools, but an audience it's called an audience intelligence report under the insights category. So, you're going to want to go in and create a report named your keyword topic and then SEO personas. So, I would call mine, because I'm interested in the CRM keyword topic, I will call it CRM SEO personas. I am going to create an audience profiles attribute report where the tool will analyze the followers of the handles that I upload to understand their interests and behaviors through big data analyses. And what I'm going to want to do is I'm going to want to upload my SEO competitors for the CRM keyword topic. And of course, this could vary dependent on the topic that you are targeting. So, that, as I mentioned, will include Salesforce, Active Campaign, Zoho, Adobe, Maretto, and Pipe Drive. And I will also upload the HubSpot or the website that I am in responsible for. And what you then get from an audience intelligence platform, specifically Audience in this instance, is a report that has analyzed using big data analysis the social behavioral data of all of those 250,000 members that have been included in the analyses because there is a cut off point.

Um, that follow any of those SEO members that have been included in the analyses because there is a cut off point. Um, that follow any of those SEO competitors for CRM. And as we can see here, the tool has identified that there are marketing creative professionals, cloud engineers, and developers, and web entrepreneurs, and digital marketers. There three separate audience segments that are searching around the CRM keyword topic. We're mapping data from X across into, uh, basically into Google. We're using Google as an indicator of what to upload into an audience intelligence report to get that additional information about The Who Behind our keyword topic. So let's dive into what that looks like so you can then explore your SEO personas or your audience segments as they're called in the tools, um, in greater depth, understanding their influences, um, their influence entities. So let's take a look at the creative, um, professionals here. So if I dive into this segment, which makes up 21.6% of those that follow the CRM SEO competitors, we can see here all of the, uh, influences and brands that those people engage with and follow or follow, uh, on a regular basis. And within the platform, you get Affinity data, uniqueness scores, and suddenly I'm getting a better picture of exactly who this target audience is behind the CRM keyword topic, or at least one of them. And this is constituting a single SEO Persona within the CRM keyword topic. So what happens there? Well, what happens next? Sorry, well, what you can do is you can export that data and you can start to look, uh, you can start to get a good understanding of who this, uh, marketing creative professional is, uh, they engage with and follow social media, example, marketing week campaign, marketing B2B, uh, the, uh, campaign magazine, and all of this, all of these are my influencer entities that I will eventually upload into a social listening tool to get a better understanding of what my SEO personas are currently interested in or consuming. Let's take a quick look at another SEO Persona here. So we've got our Cloud Engineers. If I dive into this segment within the CRM keyword topic, we can see here that our Cloud engineers and web developers are influenced by the likes of The Hacker News a16z Computer World stripe MIT AWS Google cloud and again we're getting different influencer entities here for the cloud Engineers than we did for the marketing creative professionals but they are both active audiences that would be interested in CRM solutions that will then be important for when we're developing our content marketing playbook for targeting the CRM, uh, keyword topic. Finally, we'll take a look at our entrepreneurs and digital marketers which is about 11.2% of the total audience and we can see here that they are, uh, engaging with and following founder, um, CMI, uh, search engine Journal, search engine watch, semrush, Digital Trends growth hackers among others again different influencer entities than the previous two audiences. So now that we've got a, a better understanding of those St personas within the CRM keyword topic, how can we use them? Well, what we can do is we can, well, we have identified those influencer entities and we can use those to prospect targets for link acquisition that we may, um, Target through through digital PR campaigns a key factor in in ranking, um, for SEO is of course building links and, Authority. You can also use those seus to inform your social lisening and web monitoring setups and as a result it should give you better idea generation for SEO topic modeling and digital PR campaigns which are going to be very important as you reach that final stage of your, um, of your playbook which will be developing your keyword targeting strategy and fueling it, uh, with regular content again, uh, these were concerns we saw in the early, uh, survey of the the talk that seos have and this helps to alleviate those concerns.

So we've got our SEO personas, we know the keyword topics we want to target. It's time to develop our keyword targeting strategy and fuel that, uh, that that strategy with content. At this stage, you're going to be developing your SEO content plan. You're going to be clustering your keywords, cleaning them, and clustering them based on your topics and subtopics. You've already got them prioritized at this stage. Now you need to create content to bolster the performance for those keyword topics, and you've got to fuel it by building back links on a regular basis through white hat techniques, of course, which really boils down to PR and Partnerships in 2014. But at this stage, the way to level up and supercharge those key parts of your keyword targeting strategy is to conduct influencer entity analysis, using your SEO personas and understanding who their influenc entities are. And what you'll want to do here is set up Social listening on the top one to 5% of your SEO persona's influencer entities. You can also do content analysis on those influencer entities using the likes of Buz Suumo. Um, except that there's many other tools. Buz Suumo is one that comes to mind. Ahit, Draft, Semrush, and that will allow you to then go about building out your SEO topic modeling, in line with those priority keyword topics. And we're going to go through how you can do this for CRM in the next few slides. So going back to the basics of SEO, you should always have SEO pillar pages for the topics that you want to target. So in line with the use case that we've been exploring in today's session, we talked about CRM marketing software and sales software at HubSpot. We will have different pillar pages that cover a wide variety of information and subtopics for our primary topic. For each of those primary topics, and each one will have its own URL. What we're going to want to do is we're going to want to build out satellite pages for these pillar pages to support their performance. These are signals that search engines like to see when you're publishing new, fresh unique content that is helpful for users. And also, you want to create content that can earn links and then internally link back across to your pillar pages to bolster the performance of every URL in the topic cluster. So what you can do here is you're going to go and upload into social listening tools your influencer entities for the SEO personas that you've identified. You can use a variety of tools here. You can use Pulsar to upload the X accounts of the influencer entities into the platform. You could also use Hoot Sues list analyses to monitor frequent sues or tweets or X posts in relation to those influenc entities. So let's take a look at how you would go about setting that up for the Creative Marketing professional. So as we saw earlier within the CRM keyword topic, we have the Creative Marketing professional SEO Persona, we know the influences, their influence entities as outlined here on this slide. And what we're going to want to do now is we're going to want to upload those influencer entities into a social listening tool to stay on the pulse of the latest trends, conversations that are happening in real time to then inform the content that we're going to create to bolster the performance of our CRM keyword topic. As we saw earlier on, ideas can often run dry very quickly if you're only using keyword data. You know that mainly that's Evergreen, data there, it's not refreshed very often, whereas social data is very Dynamic and can really inform a much more Dynamic and effective content and link strategy in support of your keyword topic, your priority keyword topics. So you're using this data to inform that content marketing Playbook. I recommend using something like HootSuite, it's relatively low cost for Freelancers and agencies or in-house teams. Used to have a free solution, I think now there is it's paid, but what you can do here is use lists to set up lists for your various SEO personas and track their influencer entities within those lists to get dashboards of the most relevant content in real time. So let's say we're going to create our list for the creative marketers, an SEO persona for the CRM keyword topic. You can see here that I'm going to go about uploading those influencer entities that I've identified in my audience intelligence report into Hoot Suite in this list Cru. And as a result, I can then build dashboards showing all of the latest conversations, latest news, and trends for the influen entities that my SEO personas are interested in. And you can see here at the top that I've I've tagged, I've called all of these lists my keyword topic, followed by my SEO Persona, and you've got a a dashboard now. When you're thinking about how you target the CRM keyword topic, you know your audiences, you know The Who Behind the keyword topic, and you can see in real time the content that's resonating to inform your content strategy and digital PR campaigns. So some of the insights that I might get from doing this listening is that the fact that the UK is bringing in new data protection laws, the fact that there's a movement towards building Greater authenticity within advertising at the moment. We've got a lot of interest in understanding how to build emotional connections and new Frameworks that are being explored. We've got conversations about the importance of podcasting as we move into 2024. There's chatter about NFTs and the metaverse, essentially web 3 related topics within the CRM space or for those SEO personas that are searching within the CRM keyword topic. And what we can then do is support our CRM Hub Page by building out our topic modeling or some people call it topic clustering using that social behavioral data.

So, some examples of blog posts that I may create as a result of setting this process up is building a checklist for preparing your CRM for UK data protection laws, how to optimize your podcasts for email newsletter signups, predictions for CRM strategies in the metaverse, brand emotional response index surveys, an expert opinion on how to build two-way customer Communication in 2024, and how to use podcasts to improve retention and engagement. Now, each of these blog posts alone has the potential to generate links. They are helpful content assets because we know that our personas are interested in these topics, and they all should internally link together and to your CRM Hub page to bolster the performance of that CRM topic cluster. And as we know, they're relevant to our SEO personas of marketing creative professionals, Cloud Engineers, web entrepreneurs, and digital marketers. Finally, you know, we can also as much as we can create content that lives on our site to support our topic cluster, we also going to need to build links on our ongoing basis, and link ideas can be really hard to come by if you're using keyword data alone because they don't give you enough information about the interests and behaviors of your target audience that search using that keyword topic. So what you can then do is use this data to ideate digital PR campaign ideas that will build or will generate backlinks. So for instance, from the data that I just showed you, you may want to create brand emotional response surveys testing different ad creatives to your users to get information on which respond best and then distributing that out to the influenc entities that were already covering the topic. We could create a podcast ranking index by category because we know podcasts are a very effective medium that are being covered a lot at the moment by those influencer entities those websites that we want links from. We could survey Founders on how they plan to grow online in 2024 and their concerns about CRM or Exploration with new channels such as the metaverse. And that's some ideas there, and I just want to say thank you everyone for taking the time to listen to the strategy today and for us to kick off the coach by triple Dart series together. I will pause there for any Q&A. Super, I think that is very insightful already, we have a couple of question coming in and out of my personal curiosity I have a couple of questions as well. So, the first question is, how will we understand which audience is more relevant for a particular keyword? Great question. So, when you go about, let's say you are targeting marketing software as a keyword topic, you identify the websites that rank for marketing software, you upload them to an audience intelligence tool because they're your SEO competitors for marketing software, that the audience intelligence tool will give you data, it will give you a score that indicates the Affinity to the X handles that you uploaded into it, which are essentially your SEO competitors. So, if you were to use audience, it gives you Affinity scores and uniqueness scores in the platform under influencers and Brands, and I would recommend looking at that data to give you an indication of exactly which influenc entities or which personas themselves are the most relevant arguably to understand which persona is most relevant, you'll be able to see in the broad view the percentage of those that were analyzed that are in any given audience segment. So, you saw in the report that I shared for CRM that the largest segment there were web developers and Cloud Engineers, and then you had creative and marketing professionals, and then you had Salesforce Engineers an entire category there, and then finally you had your digital marketers. I would use that data to go by understanding which personas are most relevant for that keyword topic that you're targeting. Perfect thank thanks RoR. The second question we have is, are those topics and articles identified in the SEO topic clustering need to be optimized for the CRM keywords or are those more thought leadership style articles? Great question, great great great question. So, what I would say here is that your keyword intelligence process, your traditional SEO sort of process that gives you your Evergreen content pieces that gives you the content assets that you're going to want to optimize for Relevant keywords, you know CRM plus the subtopics that you've identified within the CRM topic. I would recommend always trying to only have one URL per user intent grouping of keywords within a topic generally consisting as a subtopic, that's important because you don't want to cannibalize your keywords with multiple URLs targeting the same keyword intent grouping. However, this strategy allows you then to get the ammunition to create thought leadership that supports the performance of those Evergreen sort of traditional SEO content pieces.

They are the ones that you're going to want to rank for the keywords that you're probably identifying your keyword research phase, but in order to continually publish helpful content for users, you're going to want to adopt this process because it's also going to be more relevant and therefore encourage uh link building uh or sorry attract Links at a greater Pace than it would if you just created a sort of static Evergreen keyword informed blog post. Again, with AI now, um everybody is going to be able to replicate that same blog post with a couple of clicks, uh in a tool like Jasper. Um so you're going to want to really level up your thought leadership game, um and this approach should help you do that. Perfect, so we have a third question, but not directly related to the topic, uh um so I mean they're talking about Google ads, so how Google ads allows you to Target based on a and Company size, etc. And you know how accurate is the social listening data that we getting through these tools when compared to like say if you're having a paid marketing strategy where you're also working with something related to like an in Market audience, how different will it be from the Google ads data to what we are using with respect to social listening data. Great question, so you know they are different data sets because the data is coming from interactions across different platforms from everything that I I'm aware of um I would say that you have to be aware you have to be prepared for some disparity between the two. However, um with a sort of solid framework that you build out in your um G sheets or your Excel documents, uh you know you can you can sort of glue glue the data together, but I would just you know be prepared that certainly if you're doing paid um which isn't my my my area of expertise there you know I I presume you will get or I presume you won't be able to fully um glue that data together when you're talking about audience sizes and you know how how often you're going to reach a certain um in Market segment ac across two different data sets but um from an SEO point of view or from a Content marketing point of view that kind of matters less um and that's why sort of is effective for uh for the organic side. Perfect, and we have an anonymous at ND asking, do you have any recommended courses uh to learn digital PR? Ah, great question, so do you know I will always revert to learning seo. iio um Al Solus um resource on learning SEO, so that's learning seo. And then within that she has a section in there for uh for sort of Link building um I can't remember exactly what it's called and there are links off to some of the be best sort of digital PR resources um so I would highly recommend taking a look at that um and it will likely take you off to various playbooks from some of the sort of big player agencies um around the world. Perfect, and and one last question coming in from me RI uh so when when you're using the social intelligence to build Authority around the topic, so one thing that I've observed is uh you know you don't have volumes for a lot of these uh you know uh keywords that we are looking for but it makes a lot of sense as a standard on topic when someone is talk and it requires deep subject matter expertise and these are common questions that keep getting asked either uh like say if you're a product manager or if you're a customer support executive, we commonly solving of problems but these questions keep coming up in your either support forums or you can find it commonly occurring in a platform like Reddit where they're discussing about this particular topic, but when you go back and try mapping that to you know intent on search it's probably not there, so uh how do we take a call on bringing this as part of our overall content strategy? Yeah, great great question a I think this is going to be something that the community experiments with over the coming years, certainly as you know visibility for some of those Community platforms like Reddit is increasing exponentially in Google search.

There's value in answering questions or engaging directly on those platforms themselves. So that when users find them through organic search, they're able to manage the conversation there. In terms of specifically what content you would create on your own channels, like your website, I think that does come down to a resourcing call. So, still in 2024, it is central to your strategy to have enough resource to historically optimize the Evergreen SEO content that you already have in play. So, if you were to ask me, Rory, should I go about creating a thought leadership piece to link across to my evergreen asset with a finite amount of resource that doesn't allow me to refresh that asset itself or historically optimize it after it's been six months? I would say, I would say definitely go about refreshing the actual SEO asset itself first. And then when you have the resources, you can go about building out the thought leadership. It is a balance, but I just wanted to kind of stack rank them that the data that I see indicates that regularly refreshing your content with related signals, which you can get from this process, if you consider leveling up your existing content rather than creating new content, that is the way to go if it's a resourcing call. If it's not, and you can optimize both, then I would balance that out across your monthly publishing schedule. You know, in it's a pretty balanced manner. Super, I think, yeah, very insightful, Rory. I think, um, uh, whatever you have covered in the last 35-40 minutes, I think we have a bunch of takeaways, and even personally for Triple Dot as well, because we've been contemplating on a bunch of these things with the clients that we currently working with. So, it's been really, really insightful. Again, thanks a lot for doing this with us and being our inaugural speaker for Coach by Triple. It has been a very insightful and an inspiring webinar. And for the audience, we hope you have gained valuable knowledge and practical tips from whatever RI has spoken about. We'll also kind of, you know, would like to say that we will be sharing the webinar recording and the slides for you to go through. Also, thanks a lot for your engagement and thoughtful questions and active participation. And just make sure that the ending doesn't end here. If you end here, so if you have any questions at any point of time, just feel free to drop in a note to us. We will be more than happy to answer those questions. Because the motive behind this session is also to make sure that practical knowledge goes to each one of you who are participating in these sessions and how you can plug and play these functional playbooks into your day-to-day strategy when it comes to marketing. Thank you, Rory, and thanks a lot for doing this. Thank you so much, Mahes. Thank you, everyone. And good luck for the rest of the series. I hope everyone has a wonderful day. Perfect. Thank you. Bye-bye.